When you loved me,
you tried to keep me as I am.
But...
I think I was in love with the feeling of love.
I thought the moth drawn to a flame was love.
I thought it was okay to die.
I liked that.
In order to keep On Jung Sun...
as On Jung Sun,
I had to protect you,
watch you,
and wait for you.
Take this.
And give me the ring that you gave me before.
You know what a ring means, right?
Aren't you going to wear it?
I am.
It doesn't fit.
It does.
It doesn't. It's not going in.
This is the trend. This is how you wear a ring.
You don't know anything.
I will wear this.
Welcome.
- Hello. - What do you want to see?
Wait a moment.
Can you show me this ring the size of my thumb?
Your thumb?
Yes.
Did you know that...
if a ring that fits the girl's thumb fits the boy's ring finger,
they are made for each other.
My love...
wasn't destiny. It was my choice.
It's service time.
You should go downstairs.
Aren't you going?
Do you want to rest here?
No, I want to go.
Wake up.
Chef On, wake up.
(Temperature of Love)
(Episode 39)
Hyun Soo, your mom is here.
Mom.
Where have you been?
I went to see Jung Sun.
- I'll be in my room. - All right.
I thought you were busy. You must still have time for dates.
It's really nice to see you.
Why are you here?
I bought some side dishes for you.
I couldn't make them.
Store-bought side dishes are really delicious.
I'm sorry that you couldn't eat healthy...
because I had to go to work all my life.
Mom, you became weak after you got sick.
I've changed a bit...
since I became sick.
I won't bother you too much. I'll leave soon.
All right.
- Hello. - Where's Chef On?
I'm asking you this seriously.
Do you really want to open a flower shop?
I'm not sure.
It's going to be difficult.
I need to wake up early and visit the flower market.
Then don't do it.
But I want to do it.
I can't end my life like this.
All right.
You should take care of Good Soup's flowers for a while.
I'll see how good you are, and if the customers like them,
I'll invest in your shop.
You're not giving me the money?
I don't like starting off with a debt.
I didn't even say I was going to. You need to submit a business plan.
You're being really strict.
Then I'll give you pocket money. Live off of that money.
(Yeon Woo: I'm happy. You didn't exactly decline.)
(Jung Sun's Mother)
Yes, Mother.
I think Jung Sun will open a flower shop for me.
He told me to make a business plan. I don't know what to do.
You have to do market research on foot.
On foot?
Where are you?
Okay.
I'm unfamiliar with this side of you.
How can you call her that so easily?
I can't say anything since it's your life.
All I can do is support you as I have done until now.
Thank you.
I'm holding it in since that would only break our relationship.
I know. That's why I'm thanking you.
This is the CEO of On Entertainment.
He's not the one I was going to meet.
(Business Proposal)
There are 156 florists in Bukchon alone.
There are about 10 near Good Soup.
Why are there so many?
You have to survive among all of them.
I'm good at that...
although I'm not sure if I'm doing a good job.
That's good enough. Now, it's time for legwork.
Check the florists around here,
and see which flowers they sell and the customers they serve.
You have to come up with a concept.
I should figure out...
how much flowers and raw materials will cost.
That way, I'll know how much I need a month.
Exactly.
I wrote down some basic notes.
(Related materials for opening a flower shop)
(Marketing is key.)
Can you do it by yourself?
Will you come with me?
I'll try my best,
but my show is airing soon. I don't have a lot of time.
- You came again? - Yes. I saw your mother.
I have to go work now.
I'll go inside to work.
What did you two talk about?
She wants me to come along to do the legwork.
Don't go. You don't have time.
It's her first business.
She'd feel more comfortable to have someone with her.
If you want to save me time, you can go around with her.
Me and Mom?
We'd fight the whole time.
That won't make you two split up, so it's okay to fight.
I read your column on Good Soup.
A CEO must be busy.
What's the fuss about a column?
This is not necessary.
You'll receive a certification of contents for defamation.
Are you blackmailing me?
No, we're talking.
I won't surrender to injustice.
Then instead of surrendering,
would you accept it if it was a deal?
A deal?
(Location)
Ms. Ji,
we must be shooting at a location that's not on the script tomorrow.
Gosh. I knew this would happen.
(Director Min Yi Bok)
("High Society")
(Ji Hong Ah)
- Hello? - Director Min.
Are you shooting it the way you want since you didn't sign the contract?
What's wrong?
Some things have to be changed on the go.
Come to the office. I have to talk to you.
After that, I'll see if you can still change things your way.
Hello?
She drives me crazy.
Yes. Hello.
I'm busy. Why did you want to see me?
It's a contract to say you're held responsible if you touch my script.
What is this?
You thought it was over because you didn't sign anything?
If you work with me,
you'll get to experience a lot of strange things.
You're ahead of yourself.
I like your script.
Ms. Lee and I just don't get along.
Then will you shoot it the way it is?
(Recorded audio)
I will this time.
I got this audio file notarized.
It has legal force.
- Let's get married. - Director Min!
I want to be protected legally.
Ms. Ji.
You win.
It's so cold.
Why are you eating my food?
It tastes better that way.
I hate people like that.
Don't be cheap with food.
Fine, I won't eat it.
You have a weak mind.
You won't eat it just because I said that?
You're always playing hard to get.
By the way,
why are you out here at this hour?
Chef On is over.
Ever since they got back together, he's over all the time.
Whenever I see the two of them...
You want to be in love, right?
I do, but I don't want to date.
We're dating already.
I don't know about the love part.
Stop eating it. Get your own.
It's so good.
(Sous chef)
(Make sauces, check ingredients, check line cooks...)
It's the sous chef who comes to work before anyone?
Yes. The chef comes in last.
I feel bad for Kyung.
She keeps going out because I'm here.
You don't have to be sorry.
It gives her an excuse to go out and meet Joon Ha.
Are they dating?
No, but they keep on seeing each other.
What is that?
Love.
But I feel like the two of them don't realize it.
Is that possible?
The world is full of diverse people.
That includes you and me.
And your mother and my parents.
Thank you for accepting my mom.
[VIU Ver] E39 Temperature of Love "I Know What You Did Yesterday"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(3 months later)
"You could fall in love with a man you don't know."
That's where I started from.
I was surprised at how much people loved it.
That's because the drama has artistic value.
You almost got 15 percent in viewership.
Yes. It's hard to go over 10 percent these days.
Since the protagonist is a writer,
some people say that the story is about your own experiences.
Yes. I assume...
some characteristics of mine were in Yeon Woo.
Not at all.
My personality...
is a lot weaker than that of my protagonist.
I get hurt easily.
By the way,
why is the writer so beautiful?
Thank you.
How does it feel for your debut series to be successful?
I think I deserved it for working hard.
(On Entertainment Signs with Gerney Studios.)
Why aren't you here yet?
I'm about to leave.
Is everyone there?
Jung Woo isn't here yet, but Hong Ah is here.
This might sound awkward,
but why haven't you thanked me?
You should be the one thanking me.
You have an old-fashioned taste,
but we were successful thanks to my trendy taste.
You're really going to get more arrogant.
You always got your way even when you were just starting.
Now, you've got wings on you.
I won't throw you away, though.
Thank you.
Soo Jung.
Yes?
Can you recommend another kind of wine?
How about champagne?
We have one that has a wonderful scent.
Since it's a celebration today, it'll work well.
I'd like that.
Soo Jung, is there anything to note for the reservation?
No.
Where are you going? Ms. Ji.
What is this? Why are you coming together?
- We met over there. - I saw him here.
Okay. So you met on your way.
It's just a matter of here or there.
I've never had such a relationship in the 35 years of my life.
What?
Same with me.
Go up first. I'm going to the washroom.
Okay.
What's wrong?
Hyun Soo.
I think I really liked Won Joon.
No. I loved him.
I can't end it with him.
Everyone tells me I'm great,
but I feel like the same, old me.
So?
So what?
Are you going to keep crying?
Then what can I do?
You already know what to do.
There's no way you don't know.
You're a little late.
I sent you the opening invitation over a week ago.
Timing never works for us.
Don't nag at me. I just got here.
I came to fulfill my duty.
You're younger than me, but you look older.
Look at all that Grey hair. Dye them.
Here.
Did you put in a lot?
I put in enough.
Are you going to see Jung Sun?
What did you say to him to make him awkward with me?
Don't blame me.
You never even visited him when he was growing up.
Did you know that he got a Michelin star?
His restaurant is doing well, and he goes out for lectures.
He was even in advertisements.
I know, Yoon Sun told me.
She loves her brother.
I don't know your daughter's name.
You bother me just as much as you did back then.
I better go.
Even if we don't get along,
you shouldn't be like that with Jung Sun.
Who opened this shop for you?
Don't change the subject.
You always do that when you're cornered.
Do you want tea?
What's gotten into you?
Seeing how much you've aged makes me feel better.
Hello.
Here you go. Your wife will love it.
Thank you.
You should say something on a day like today.
That's too old-fashioned. I won't say anything.
Why are you doing this to me? Do it for me.
I became a successful director this time.
The Asian Drama Awards...
invited both of your dramas.
Congratulations.
Really?
- No way! - Oh, my!
Are we going abroad?
It's Chef On's special menu.
It's chicken and beer.
Tell him I thanked him.
Tell him to come out. He should celebrate with us.
Okay.
I'm already out.
I will join as Hyun Soo's boyfriend.
Did you two fight?
No.
You always act close in front of others when you fight.
No, you're wrong.
That denial sounds like you fought.
I agree.
Should I talk about what happened in the washroom?
What? What happened in there?
Did something happen?
Shall we raise our glasses?
We shouldn't end it like this.
Here. Let's all live well.
Sometimes, give glances to your neighbors.
- Okay. - Cheers.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
- I brought the car. - I'll drive then.
I'll drive. It's my car.
Can't I make things easier for you?
Get on.
Can we walk? I'll bring the car to you tomorrow.
It's cold.
We haven't seen each other in a week...
when we live in the same neighborhood.
I've been busy.
You were busy while the drama was airing too. Come on.
Let's walk. Are you happy?
Not yet.
- What are you doing tomorrow? - It's cold tomorrow.
Stop that.
What?
I told you we should take the car.
You must be getting old.
Why would you bring that up?
You weren't like this last year.
You didn't spend last winter with me.
Whom did you spend it with? How can you confuse her with me?
Why are you laughing?
To celebrate my success at making you jealous.
You celebrate the strangest things.
- Gosh. - It's really cold.
Can I drink something warm before I go?
- No. - Why not?
I won't give you anything.
Come on.
What? What did you see?
- Something good. - Something good?
Who?
Let's go.
I told you to stop.
Stop what? We did everything already.
Hyun Soo saw me.
There's some on your cheek.
I said, stop it.
What are you doing?
I'm staring at you.
Why are you staring at me?
Because you might not like it if I approached you.
You can come closer.
Have you been well?
I haven't been well.
Why not?
You weren't there.
I can't forget you.
It's strange.
You shouldn't feel pressured.
You can do as you please.
What's wrong today? What's happening?
- I don't know. - You don't know?
I told you we should take the car.
You wanted to walk, and look what happened.
We should do it too. On a day like this, we should do the same.
Why should we? No.
Where are you going?
I have a home, but I can't go.
What should we do?
I need to go to the company early tomorrow because of the contract.
You should sleep here and leave early tomorrow.
Do you think Joon Ho left?
If he had, he'd have called.
Right.
What do you think about living in the same house?
It'll save time if we live together.
It's better than moving from one house to another.
You want to live together to save time?
Do you really think that is the only reason?
No, I just wanted to hear you say it again.
I couldn't see you often when you were working on the drama.
You said you were going to start the next script right away.
I don't want a wedding.
What?
Then?
We could have dinner with our family members and introduce each other.
Let's do as you want.
I just want to live with you.
All right.
You should take the next lift.
Really?
Aren't you going to regret this? Why were we meeting today again?
- Get in. - It's fine. I'll take the next one.
Hyun Soo.
Please get in.
It's only because you asked nicely.
- Did you have breakfast? - I'm not signing the contract.
Hyun Soo, let's not do this.
I lost my respect for you when I saw you closing the elevator doors.
You must have been offered a better contract.
I was offered better conditions in the past too.
Gosh, I feel so light.
I wasn't sure how I'd say this to you.
Prepare tea for us. Get the best. Bring some snacks too.
This way.
You should consider it. Let's talk after you look at it.
I'll take a look.
I was sure you were going to take it. Why aren't you?
Did we do something wrong?
It's not about what you did.
But I'm just wondering if working with only one company...
is a good thing.
Why would you think about that?
- We worked together and succeeded. - We did.
Now I, have the right to choose to fail.
- Hyun Soo. - Hello, Hong Ah.
- Are you here about the contract? - Yes.
- Are you going to take it? - I don't know. How about you?
I'm going to take it if the conditions are okay.
I see.
What's this?
Well...
I know what you did yesterday.
I'm going.
Hyun Soo.
Where are you going?
I'm going to visit my mom.
- Aren't you finished yet? - No.
It's been here for 20 years.
It's taking a while to unpack.
Gosh.
(Lee Hyun Yi)
This belongs to Hyun Yi.
It's not just our belongings. There are our children's as well.
They've been here for a long time.
We were both too busy living our lives that we just left them here.
Why did we live such busy lives?
Honey.
Who could it be?
- Welcome. - Mom. Dad.
- Hello. - You're here now that work is done.
I haven't been faithful to you as your daughter for a while.
- Did you have lunch? - Not yet.
- Let's order something. - Great.
I bought some carrot cake that Mom likes.
- Oh, my. - It's pretty.
Dad, what is that?
Dad found it while he was cleaning up.
How did this end up here?
This was in the luggage...
that Hyun Yi sent home when she got married. It's yours.
Yes, it's for me.
But why did she send it to you, not me?
You weren't on speaking terms after the fight.
It's a bit late, but congratulations on winning the contest.
Now that you've achieved your dream, enjoy. From On Jung Sun.
(From On Jung Sun)
I like Yeouido.
I said that if I won the contest,
I'd dance at the Yeouido Park.
I don't think I'll be able to.
What do you think?
- What? - Do you think you can dance?
Why so suddenly?
You should practice the dance moves before you win the contest.
Gosh, you must be crazy.
Aren't you yet?
How can you succeed if you're not crazy?
I didn't say I wasn't crazy. I am. I'm crazy.
But no dancing.
(Last episode will air shortly.)